instantiate docs and initial attempt at glossary (#2)
statistical-perceptions/survey-builder: docs/source/technical-overview.rst

The Experiment package will implement a class for each type of experiment that
has methods needed to collect necessary scientist selected parameters,
compute the needed values to generate the display for the participant, and store
those to the MongoDB. Each class will also contain methods to read from the
retrieved json to pass it to the frontend.

When the study is configured ....(qualtrics stuff)

The participant will interact with FIXME:app2, based on the custom URL that
directs them to the right configuration for the app. They will enter their unique
identifier and then be presented with the interactive questions as needed.

Item Types
----------------

**Normal Curves**
for questions about groupwise comparisons
control: slider that controls how much two curves overlap, next button
parameters: variances, labeling (group names, text for axis of comparison)
records: amount of overlap(or two locations, to compute later)

**Fairness metric tradeoff**
for tradeoffs between competing metrics
control: slider to move decision boundary according to optimizing for one or
another metric, next button
parameters: ROC?/ tbd, labeling
records: preferred location of tradeoff

> **Static Information**
> for added information between prompts
> control: next button
> paramters: text and images or link to video to embed
> records: nothing

Author: ```suggestion
**Information**
for added information between prompts, noninteractive, may depend on previous responses
control: next button
paramters: text and images or link to video to embed
records: nothing
```
